Fix interface extendedMasterportalapiMarkers to align with documentation (#219)
Dataport/polar: packages/types/custom/CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## unpublished

> - Fix: Make `selectionStyle`, `hooverStyle` and `defaultStyle` optional and edit type for `dispatchOnMapSelect` in interface `ExtendedMasterportalapiMarkers`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Make `selectionStyle`, `hoverStyle`, `defaultStyle` and `unselectableStyle` optional and edit type for `dispatchOnMapSelect` in interface `ExtendedMasterportalapiMarkers`. 
```
